>> Steve Kinney: So, now we're gonna
think about some of the patterns for
solving this.
I'd like to introduce you
to the Lightning Round.
We're gonna look at three patterns.
And these patterns are agnostic to Flux or
Redux or MobX or
anything along those lines, right?
When we discuss them,
you're gonna be like,
I remember that one from redux if
you've ever played Redux before.
I've seen this one over here.
Cuz they are patterns that you
can do with regular Redux state
as well as any of these other libraries.
And they have different trade-offs.
They have different benefits, and we'll
kind of look at each one of those and
kind of discuss them.
So here's the deal.
Each stage of the Lightning Round, there
are three parts to the Lightning Round.
It's gonna have the same flow to it, which
is, I'm gonna talk about the pattern.
Then I'm going to get to
do a simple example and
then you're gonna get to do
a slightly more complicated example.
And then I will do a slightly more
complicated example to kind of clear up in
case anyone gets stuck along the way.
And the important part is, once we
have these patterns in our vocabulary,
we'll be able to revisit them and play
with them when we get to Flux or Redux.
And some of them will come for
free in some of these libraries, and
we'll see them along those lines.
So, let's start with the first one.
Lifting State,
what's called the container pattern.
And the Container Pattern
has a very sweet savor, and
this is true actually of all three, but
this would be the first one that we see.
Where it draw's a line between state and
presentation.
Right.
And this isn't like,
a lot of take this for granted at
a certain point, that we might have things
that are managed over the state and
things that manage the presentation.
I mean that's effectively
two parts of NBC, right?
[LAUGH] The model and the view and
the control and
the coordinate between the two of them.
But if you look at some of that
original react documentation, one
of the selling points was that your state
is encapsulated in your view objects.
This is not kind of the original like,
a sales pitch for react.
But we now know that this idea of like,
just components that take prompts and
show stuff and
don't have any state of their own.
And we saw that in some other texts
about components that hold state and
can pass it down into prompts.
And this has a lot of really
great advantages to it Right?
The presentational components just
receive prompts and render UI.
And one of the great things about this is,
this makes it incredible easy to test.
You can theoretically take a,
what we'll call a stateful component.
A component that has state and
also has presentation.
And you can load it up in Enzyme and
you can mount it and
you can trigger a bunch of stuff and
you can check things.
But it's really easy to test a component
where, based on the propmpts it receives,
it comes out the other end like this.
It becomes incredibly easy to test.
If the state of my
application is in such a way,
this component will
definitely look like this.
And you can just write a unit test
where you pass in that state, and
you expect a component
to look a certain way.
Clearly those presentational
components in the name,
present themselves to the user, right?
Which means they are going to be the ones
that the user clicks on and changes, and
stuff along those lines.
So, they do need a way to be able to
communicate back up to the container.
Right?
The container holds all the state and
can modify the state.
And the presentational component
is gonna receive those call backs.
And we did a little bit of this.
We saw in the individual items.
The individual items,
didn't really manage their own state.
They received from either the items list
and eventually the application, right?
They were effectively
presentational components.
So we did it, we were starting to
use this pattern a little bit, but
this is kind of a different
way of thinking about it.
So, they either, the idea of
a presentation component, you know,
only has a render method.
Or it's what we call a stateless
functional component,
which is just a function that takes
prompts and returns some JSX.
Personally I used to be all about
the function that like, returns some JSX.
I am now I am sold on the all render.
Cuz remember when we saw like,
hey it's great to have class,
to have instance methods that take
some helpers like, full name and
pull it out of the render function.
If you need one of those you
can just add it onto a class.
Versus, if it's a presentation component,
you have to do a re-factor.
You have to change it into a class.
If you wanna keep track of this,
and stuff along those lines.
I'm gonna stick with using class,
the name of the component,
extend this component, for most of this.
Just a render method.
If that's not your style, You don't
have to, we'll see a little bit of
both in some of the examples, but
that's kinda gonna be in mind.
But just in case you've never seen
the stateless functional component before,
this is effectively what it looks like.
It literally is just an arrow function.
Prompts go in, component comes out.
There's no this stuff's at stake,
everything this component needs
is passed to the component.
So this would be the presentational
component in this case.
What would the container component do?
So this counter container, at this point
I put two counters in here just to show
that they both get the same state and
you just see two of the same counter
on the page, which is kinda silly.
But I could fit in on a slide,
so it's what I went with.
All this component does effectively
is keep track of the state,
have the method that allows
the state to be modified, and
passes that down into
the presentational component.
It doesn't actually show anything itself.
It's just showing these
presentational components.
So let's actually implement this.
We're gonna get to something what
looks very close on the slide.
But I'm gonna show you the process
of refactoring that basic
counter that I forced you to make before.
And I'm going to then move
it to a container pattern.
And then we'll take a slightly
more complicated example.
You'll do it, and then I'll go over it.
And we'll do this for all three of
the patterns that we're going to see.
Cool.